two
and I'll be showing you one that is
pretty great for people who
They like to decorate their house
we will be watching it is pretty
great is a mold of chimneys how they see
are all these types of chimney this
from diamond to carved stone
that they can do it they transferred from
this way replacing all the
blocks used as for example if
you want to be one of stone brick
Well with stone brick with
bricks here would be brick
climbing all of brick sandstone
from the net it's pretty cool that you can
do all these types of combinations
of gold iron to that would be
lapis lazuli oxidizes with oriana
the diamond is the only one that gives you 16
what everyone else is going to give you
here as you see also quartz is
pretty cool this you can do and
good these bricks the good this
chimney are going to be putting
in its different types of homes like
for example I would have an example here
it worked out pretty well because my house
of wood and as I do not know very well decorate
Well, I do not get it right here
example here would you put this there are two
ways to put the bricks as they are
seeing here our myth will come out
you can download me alone that I went up to
that you can see that they can
put different types of blocks for
that this one so that it looks not here here
we will cover this and there it does not leave because
he does not have anywhere to go out here he would be
this here we go and it goes down you
can do between longer more more
cool for you depends on how much height
want to have their place fireplace
we remove this and here we cover this and here
we would treat this that would be how
make your fireplace not here could you
you put in different places is
the first would be a first choice
the oven and then the fireplace or
would have for example put it next
as you see here is the oven and here it is
the working fireplace can put it
of you which thing you want
put here you can also put it here
side as you want only to be
connected to this and the
fueguito can put only one
It depends on your decoration you want
do as for example a decoration
I can think of would be as
this new professional champion does not come out
something like that and they would make me
realize that this is your wall to import
that your chimney goes out there like that
it would look like it would look pretty good it looks
how is the myth coming out and so
would be a type of decoration like this or like
you see they are not very decorated by
I do not give you any more examples and it is
mold story is pretty
simple but you are going to
put anywhere as per
example, they want to feel very cool,
They make very cool waka for then tell me
who copied me from our diapers here
we put this and we could this here as
they see does not work because it must be up
or back here we put this and this and here
they would be and they would already look like
that they have left the diamond and here
they would be with their super chimney or what
they can put the equipment so they can put
this here puts our team in this
here and it would be another type of decoration a
type so not like that it would already be on only
I do not know why it does not turn on
fireplace and it's
being there my god here is and so
I would be learning and then you already
will have their type of decoration so what
good of these threats that can be
camouflage for the blocks that you
have for example if you want a
fireplace of my home you
You can come here and put it here and
it looks like a normal block, you can not
change does not look bad and good
this would be the kind of chimneys that
has this market agra this fireplace
It's pretty cool I hope you like it
this mod
because I was made something useful for
the decorations of his medium that
you should always be doing like a
type with lens stone and with a
lighter and so get this fine but
so they would have one more type of decoration
simple and good would be the remember mode
that installs with force I do not know how to handle
I like favorites and subscribe to
channel if they are not with him
they have my facebook on my twitter from the
description and stratum of friends so
see you in the next matt so
goodbye
to